[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: Let's do a quiz.
What is a closure and how is it created?
In other words,
I want you to give me back my definition.
What is a closure and how is it created?
>> Speaker 2: A closure is a function that
can be called, that keeps its lexical
scope when it's called somewhere else.
>> Kyle Simpson: Exactly,
a closure is when a function remembers and
accesses its lexical scope
even when that function is executed
outside of its lexical scope.
How is it created?
When an inner function is transported
outside of the outer function.
How long does its scope stay around?
>> Speaker 2: There's no longer any
references.
>> Kyle Simpson: Yeah, so,
what we basically said was,
a closure is kind of like a reference
to a hidden scope object.
So, as long as there's some function
that still has a closure over the scope,
that scope's gonna stay around.
But as soon as that closure goes away,
scope can get garbage collected.
>> Kyle Simpson: Why
doesn't a function callback inside
of a loop behave as expected?
What was wrong with that little for
loop with the set timeout inside of it?
>> Speaker 3: It wasn't
actually creating it's own variable.
>> Kyle Simpson: Yeah
there wasn't a variable
created per iteration.
We thought that somehow,
magically, it was but it wasn't.
How did we solve that?
What was the canonical way to solve it?
>> Speaker 3: [INAUDIBLE] ify.
>> Kyle Simpson: Putting an ify inside of
the iteration, that did it.
Also, the other solution?
>> Speaker 3: The let-
>> Kyle Simpson: The let keyword.
Putting a let keyword on the for
head or inside the for loop,
that also creates scoping.
How do you use a closure to
create an encapsulated module?
There were two characteristics.
What were they?
>> Speaker 4: It has to be wrapped by
a function.
>> Kyle Simpson: It
has to be an an outer wrapping function.
That's the first one.
The second one?
>> Speaker 4: Return the inner functions.
>> Kyle Simpson: Return one or
more inner functions that
have a closure of the scope.
What are the benefits
of that module pattern?
Why is that beneficial?
>> Speaker 3: Create private in public.
>> Kyle Simpson: Hiding stuff,
the principle of least exposure,
hiding things, having a public API.
It's the idea of not exposing inner
details that you don't want people to
accidentally rely on undocumented
features, all of those benefits.
Anybody think of a trade-off to the module
pattern?
>> Speaker 3: A couple of trade
offs.
>> Kyle Simpson: One
trade off that some people, it's not
a trade off in my opinion because I
have a different opinion
about what testing means.
But some people don't like the module
pattern because it hides a bunch of stuff
and it makes that inner stuff hard or
impossible to test.
One of the benefits of
having everything public
is that everything's testable, right?
So we have this idea of unit testing,
and theoretically,
unit testing says we should unit
test every single function.
I disagree with that definition of
unit testing, to be personally honest.
I think a unit is the smallest
indivisible unit of code.
So if a module has a hundred
inner functions and
only one public API, there's just one unit
test, and it's for that one public API.
That's my own take on testing.
But some people think it's a downside
that you have all that hidden stuff and
you can't individually test any
of the implementation details.
So that's one trade off,
anybody think of a different trade
off?
>> Kyle Simpson: Might
have been a little bit subtle so
I'll help you.
Every time I create a new module.
Remember, I have this function
that can churn out a new module,
am I creating a whole copy of
all that internal functions?
So let's say I had one little module
factory and I wanted to create 1,000
instances of my module, I'd have 1,000
copies of all of its functionality.
So I'm creating a whole
bunch of extra copies.
We will see in the next
section of our discussion,
we'll see a way that that particular
drawback can be addressed.